TiKV config: add warnings about `enable-ttl` (#8069)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `enable-ttl`

> **Warning:**
>

> > - Set `enable-ttl` **ONLY WHEN** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item in an existing TiKV cluster. TiKV clusters with different `enable-ttl` values use different data formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, which causes the "can't enable TTL on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Set `enable-ttl` **ONLY WHEN** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item in an existing TiKV cluster. TiKV clusters with different `enable-ttl` values (`true` or `false`) use different data formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, which causes the "can't enable TTL on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.
```

> > - Set `enable-ttl` value to `true` or `false` **ONLY WHEN** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item in an existing TiKV cluster. TiKV clusters with different `enable-ttl` values use different data formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, which causes the "can't enable TTL on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Set `enable-ttl` to `true` or `false` **ONLY WHEN** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item in an existing TiKV cluster. TiKV clusters with different `enable-ttl` values use different data formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, which causes the "can't enable TTL on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.
```

> > - Set the value of `enable-ttl` to `true` or `false` **ONLY WHEN** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item in an existing TiKV cluster. TiKV clusters with different `enable-ttl` values use different data formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, which causes the "can't enable TTL on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Set `enable-ttl` **ONLY WHEN** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item in an existing TiKV cluster. TiKV clusters with different `enable-ttl` values use different data formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, which causes the "can't enable TTL on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.
```

> > - You can set the value of `enable-ttl` to `true` or `false` **only when** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item for an existing TiKV cluster. The data stored in TiKV clusters configured this item to `true` and `false` has different formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, causing TiKV to report the "can't enable ttl on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - You can set the value of `enable-ttl` to `true` or `false` **only when** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item for an existing TiKV cluster. TiKV clusters with different `enable-ttl` values have different data formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, which causes TiKV to report the "can't enable TTL on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.
```

> > - You can set the value of `enable-ttl` to `true` or `false` **only when** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item for an existing TiKV cluster. The data stored in TiKV clusters that configure this item to `true` and `false` has different formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, causing TiKV to report the "can't enable ttl on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
> - You can set the value of `enable-ttl` to `true` or `false` **only when** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item for an existing TiKV cluster. The data stored in TiKV clusters configured this item to `true` and `false` has different formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, causing TiKV to report the "can't enable ttl on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.
```

> > - You can set the value of `enable-ttl` to `true` or `false` **only when** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item for an existing TiKV cluster. The data stored in TiKV clusters that configure this item to `true` and `false` has different formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, causing TiKV to report "can't enable ttl on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.
> > - You can use `enable-ttl` in a TiKV cluster only. **DO NOT** use this configuration item in a cluster with TiDB nodes, which means setting `enable-ttl` to `true` in such clusters. Otherwise, serious consequences might occur, such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters.

Author: ```suggestion
> - You can set the value of `enable-ttl` to `true` or `false` **only when** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item for an existing TiKV cluster. The data stored in TiKV clusters that configure this item to `true` and `false` has different formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, causing TiKV to report the "can't enable ttl on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.
> - You can use `enable-ttl` in a TiKV cluster only. **DO NOT** use this configuration item in a cluster with TiDB nodes, which means setting `enable-ttl` to `true` in such clusters. Otherwise, serious consequences might occur, such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters.
```

> > - You can use `enable-ttl` in a TiKV cluster only. **DO NOT** use this configuration item in a cluster with TiDB nodes, which means setting `enable-ttl` to `true` in such clusters. Otherwise, serious consequences might occur, such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Use `enable-ttl` **ONLY IN** a TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** use this configuration item in a cluster that has TiDB nodes (which means setting `enable-ttl` to `true` in such clusters). Otherwise, critical issues such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters will occur.
```

### `enable-ttl`

> **Warning:**
>

> > - The TTL feature is only available for the RawKV interface for now. You can only configure this feature when creating a new cluster because TTL uses different data formats in the storage layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Currently, the TTL feature is available only for the RawKV interface. You can configure TTL **ONLY WHEN** creating a new cluster because TTL uses different data formats in the storage layer.
```

> > - You **must not** modify this item on an existing cluster. Otherwise, TiKV reports errors when it starts.
> > - You **must not** use this item on a cluster with TiDB nodes. Otherwise, serious consequences might occur, such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - **DO NOT** modify this configuration item on an existing cluster. Otherwise, TiKV reports errors when it starts.
> - **DO NOT** use this item on a cluster with TiDB nodes. Otherwise, serious consequences might occur, such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters.
```

### `enable-ttl`

+ TTL is short for "Time to live". If this item is enabled, TiKV automatically deletes data that reaches its TTL. To set the value of TTL, you need to specify it in the requests when writing data via the client. If the TTL is not specified, it means that TiKV does not automatically delete the corresponding data.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `false`

```

> **Warning:**
>
> - The TTL feature is only available for the RawKV interface for now. You can only configure this feature when creating a new cluster because TTL uses different data formats in the storage layer.
> - You **must not** modify this item on an existing cluster. Otherwise, TiKV reports errors when it starts.
> - You **must not** use this item on a cluster with TiDB nodes. Otherwise, serious consequences might occur, such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters.

> + Default value: `false`

Author: ```suggestion
```

### `enable-ttl`

+ TTL is short for "Time to live". If this item is enabled, TiKV automatically deletes data that reaches its TTL. To set the value of TTL, you need to specify it in the requests when writing data via the client. If the TTL is not specified, it means that TiKV does not automatically delete the corresponding data.
+ Default value: `false`

> **Warning:**
>
> - The TTL feature is only available for the RawKV interface for now. You can only configure this feature when creating a new cluster because TTL uses different data formats in the storage layer.
> - You **must not** modify this item on an existing cluster. Otherwise, TiKV reports errors when it starts.

> > - You **must not** use this item on a cluster with TiDB nodes. Otherwise, serious consequences might occur, such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters.

Author: ```suggestion
> - You **must not** use this item on a cluster with TiDB nodes. Otherwise, serious consequences might occur, such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters.

```

### `enable-ttl`

+ TTL is short for "Time to live". If this item is enabled, TiKV automatically deletes data that reaches its TTL. To set the value of TTL, you need to specify it in the requests when writing data via the client. If the TTL is not specified, it means that TiKV does not automatically delete the corresponding data.
+ Default value: `false`

> **Warning:**
>
> - The TTL feature is only available for the RawKV interface for now. You can only configure this feature when creating a new cluster because TTL uses different data formats in the storage layer.
> - You **must not** modify this item on an existing cluster. Otherwise, TiKV reports errors when it starts.
> - You **must not** use this item on a cluster with TiDB nodes. Otherwise, serious consequences might occur, such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters.

> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion

```
